Welcome back to the "Battle of War" finals
Unbeaten Myth - Game Designer Hannah Nicklin
Queen of the resurrection of the defeated division - game player Emma Blackery (continued to win after the first round lost)
(The first round lost and continued to win back)
The winner will get a cheap trophy, and the loser will go back empty-handed.
Who is the final winner? Let our game continue... What is it today?
Law and chaos
This is an interesting strategy game, pure strategy game
David: Simple strategy game Tom: This test is wisdom, not character.
So who is the first attack?
Ok, uh... I choose the orderly camp.
If I am, I will also choose the order.
Emma: I understand what you understand! Hannah: You know what I understand!
Since Emma chose to be orderly, she would use five pieces of the same color to form a line.
Red or blue can be used
Just connect a line on the board
And Hannah naturally became a chaotic camp.
What she has to do is stop Emma from winning.
She can try to fill the board
Let Emma not connect smoothly into a line
Tom: Ok~ David: Emma put a blue piece
So Hannah would never want to put the red pieces there.
Because that means no matter what the next round
Will cause two blue or two red connections
That's right. And when even three or four and both ends are unblocked
The situation becomes very dangerous
That's right. In fact, when the four and the two ends are unblocked, the game is over.
As a part of the chaotic camp, when you see the connected ends
Don't hesitate~ Block it right!
Even when it’s even two, it’s very dangerous.
Slowly, it will become dangerous slowly
Although this is my first step, but
I have been wondering if there is any way to occupy the edge in the early stage.
If you want to do that, put a different colored piece next to the other side.
Although this trick is not bad, it seems a bit dysfunctional.
But at least not directly on the diagonal
There is a chance to even five, but she...
Oh, she went to plug it up.
If I am Emma, ​​I will put it here, I feel more likely.
Create a connection
Tom: And she did it like David: Yes.
This game is hard to understand!
You have to remember that you can use two colors.
Yes, unlike most games, one is red, the other is blue.
This is a lot harder than I thought.
After playing, I found out that this game is not easy.
I now feel that the lawful side is more difficult.
My biggest mistake is just that I accidentally helped you connect a red line.
But I don't think it matters.
So hard
so hard!
I just wanted to say that Hannah must stop here, but
There are many possible connections in other places.
If she put it there, she will become a red line.
That's right, it's very interesting that you might create another line after you blocked this line.
This step is very stable
Would it be beneficial to keep the same color all the time?
No, Steven is not good.
Is there a bright spot in that step?
Just Hannah doesn’t need to stop it.
Yes, because even if Emma is connected in the middle four (oblique, top left and bottom right)
Hannah can also be easily blocked, so...
Not dangerous, because it is not the case on both sides.
It’s still too late to go to the situation like this.
Blocked in this line with the opportunity to connect four
Or another battlefield to block other opportunities to develop into
The connection is correct.
This step is a big deal.
I mean, the trophies are already engraved.
Emma: You are tempted to mix the water! Steven: Oh.
Now is not the time to block the middle may be connected
Because you look, it has not yet formed
Putting it there is really a step, because it will
Form the pressure source behind you on the other two sides
This one of the horizontal one has a straight one.
David: So don't, no! Tom: No!
Tom: If you put it... David: Put the other side!
If you put it there, it is equal to helping the red to open the soil.
David: No... Ah! Tom: I don’t have a big husband.
David: Ok, that... Tom: It’s dangerous, it’s dangerous.
If Emma is here, I will get a live three, and Hannah will have to block it.
But that also created another piece that is about to form a living four.
Yes, this is mandatory passive*
If, if Emma noticed
Have! She noticed, and it was there, so Hannah had to stop.
Hannah: I have to stop here, wait, oh~
She has no choice! The trend has gone, it is Emma winning!
Tom: Because she must go to stop the live three. David: Yes.
So Emma will have a live four, then the game is over!
(This is an important moment)
It’s really "scare scare"
It’s over! It's over, the game is over!
I am coming to the awards!
Hey~ Where do I put it next? !
Oh my god, I actually won!
You, where do you want me to put?
Emma: Anyway, it's all right! Hannah: Are you sure?
Feel free to let you go!
It’s good to end this game!
water! (Taiwanese)
The old lady finally stopped doing nothing! !
Tom: Congratulations, this is your trophy! Emma: I finally got a cheap trophy!
Emma: I finally won! Tom: Emma Blackery Congratulations on your victory in the "war"
I have never won anything to say!
Thanks to Emma, ​​Hannah, Steven, Katie for their enthusiastic participation.
Their channel links are in the description column.
Click inside to see their videos.
Thanks to our great staff, swear to die
Interpreter's David Bodycombe
Thank you David
Thank you very much for watching, we will see good night again!
Translation: Andy@金宇竹